He is weeping or rather crying in low voice .....break in his voice sitting with one leg on a stand next to a small window. the weather is cloudy with quite a probability of raining .
the room is empty and faint voices coming from the other rooms ..he could hear his name being called repeatedly but didn't react .. he comforted himself to a big bed distant from window and lied down almost as a corpse . no emotion on his face his eyes now slowly closing .
he did not sleep but he didnt wanted to get up or answer the door .
the voices became stronger ....there was constant thuding on the door ...a meekly but sweet voice was calling his name with anxiety and a bit of fear...he knew in the first place that it was his mother but he didnt bother to answer .
"what happened .why aren't you opening the door " she said .
Suddenly a chill of fear ran down his spine and he sat on the bed way too quickly as if a robot was instructed .
he acted strangely from what he thougth he ought to do .
he wiped his eyes from a towel on his bed kept in haphazared manner on the floor .
he much to his mother's surprise opened the door with a slight fake smile on his face . her mother knew something was wrong but only asked 
" why didnt you opened the door ..I was shouting for like 10 mins ..
are you okay ? ""
"i am fine mom ." his tone changed but  firm enough to make her believe the statement ."just having a rough day and a headache .come on lets go to eat  "
"take a medicine before you sleep . now come on its getting late . your father is waiting for dinner . "
he came rapidly down the stairs with slippers that made a audible sound with every step .
as soon as he entered the dining room he saw his father eating the last piece of chicken on the plate  with a almost empty glass between his hands. he recalled it was his favourite beer as his eyes slided over the beer bottle on the table .
"I thought we were going to eat dinner just this day" he blurbed angrily.
the next thing we know he picked up his car keys and was out of the house even before someone would react .
there were some loud noises coming from the house which he didn't pay any attention to .....


door bell * door bell* continuous fast doorbells *
 he saw a person in his 20's opening the door in his pajamas...
"Bro what the fuck happened, what's the rush "in a satirical tone...
he still showed no signs of emotion on his face and rushed into the house giving a slight push to Vikram .
vikram immediately understood something was serious. 
and asked Sahil " brother what happened, why are u so angry ?" is it about Alisha ?
it was for the second time in the night when his voice started to tremble while speaking and he said "
it's over man its all over "
vikram could not believe what he just heard ... and shouted " what are you talking about? "
his rhetorical questions irritated him and he yelled: "I don't want to hear her name, do you understand ?"
vikram didn't think twice and went straight to the kitchen ....out of the blue came a beer.
he said in the most polite manner he can " bro take this ....calm yourself ."
sahil eyes sparkled as he took a sip and emptied a glass in no time. Vikram idea somehow worked and he started talking "we were supposed to be together forever " .....where is the fucking forever?
where is she ? inquired Vikram.  She is moving to Bombay with Chetan, I always hated that bastard. alisha always said he is just a friend NOW SEE how the scoundrel stole my girl.
vikram interrupted Sahil " maybe love can never be stolen, maybe she never loved you ."
sahil didn't like this statement, he felt as if someone was kicking him "what the hell are you saying, are you out of your mind?
vikram "Sahil , I knew about Chetan ....sorry brother. it was meant to happen this way .even I couldn't help it, it was destiny ." said dramatically.
sahil couldn't listen more and stood up "you bastard, this is how you treat your friend. I am half dead right now and you are saying you knew about this ...."
sahil waited no more and delivered a punch straight to Vikram's face.
bro I know I didn't tell you, but it was for your own benefit .i was waiting for the right time. sahil 's frustration and anger knew no boundaries and he picked up a metal vase from a small glass table next to where they were sitting.
bhai, calm down, you are not in your senses, leave that vase .....
deep down Vikram was prepared for the vase and before Sahil could make his move he threw the beer glass which accidentally hit his face.
the impact was much and he fell on the table which shattered into pieces making a huge noise.
sahil shouted in pain "you bastard" and fell unconscious in a layer of his own blood ...
vikram was terrified but convinced himself throughout by mumbering "I am sorry bro, u left me no other choice, it was not meant this way ...
certainly, Vikram's sayings were contradicting itself today ...
his pulse increased and precipitation started to reflect on his face. he took a deep breath and picked up Sahil from the floor . he was heavy but Vikram displayed a great deal of strength and rushed to the main door. he picked up his swift desire keys from a bowl and off he went out of the house.

vikram loaded Sahil in the back seat with care and sat in the driver's seat.
he took a deep breath and started the car ...deep down he felt the pain of Sahil but couldn't react to those feelings ............
how did this happen? I always thought Alisha was going to reject Chetan....I too thought they were just friends .questions that had no answers then occupied Vikram's mind but he drove his way ...............



hi friends, this is Chetan . I am the happiest person in the world right now. I too grew up reading love stories and watching movies but never knew I was gonna end up creating one...
love is most overrated word I had heard in my life ....and also the most misunderstood among teens. but this feeling is truly inexplicable. love have different meanings for different people .but the most beautiful feeling is when someone loves you back .....the feeling of not having anyone love you back is the worst. it is very sad when people after losing their so-called girlfriend and boyfriend end up crying and believing that no one loves them....they tend to forget about their parents .they are the only people in the world who love you in all times in all situations ..that's why their love is truly unconditional .from the moment they knew you existed they loved you .....even before you were born ...even before they could see you they loved you ...they do so much for us without asking anything in return ..so guys try not to upset or disrespect your parents cause they will always be by your side even if no one is there .
love doesn't come from textbooks or stories .....it is developed with care and respect ...and accepting that you love someone is actually a difficult thing ..it practically took Alisha 2 years to accept that she loves me .and we are just about to board a plane to Bombay for our much-awaited trip and present to you a  weird love story .

*(*into about me and college and class *(*


It all started with a big bang ......no i am not speaking of the popular tv sitcom . but we accidentally collided running late for classes i presume . It was the freshman year of our college . the first month was about to come to an end . she carried a big pile of posters in her hands which she balanced from falling off...I recognized those posters, it was for our fresher party early the next month. 
"I am sorry " it stuck out as a momentary impulse.
"ITS ok "she replied politely and I gave a glance on her .....my eyes saw something so beautiful that they refused to move ..... I was awestruck but I wished it was the same feeling from both sides.
she saw me staring rigorously at her and repeated loudly "its ok" and swept besides me ........suddenly all my senses were at their peak and I smelled the air she displaced .it was a very peculiar smell but it was nice. I turned back to see if she was still there but rather saw a professor staring at me with a same glare. I avoided eye contact and quickly rushed to my class. 
I couldn't concentrate on the class. my vision was partially impaired with her face. she was the prettiest girl I ever saw in my life. she had sharp features with a reddish touch on her face .she wore long bangles in her ears and round spectacles. I observed her small hands holding the posters with nails free from any nail polish.
No guys, I do not believe in the concept of love at first sight. there is no such thing as love at first sight. those are just infatuations .but I felt an urge to see her again. 
DAYS passed away, my anxiety passed away but I couldn't forget her face .the much awaited fresher party was tomorrow and I was motivated that I will be able to see her tomorrow. I wore my best clothes and left for the party early as if it was an appointment . not much to surprise I was one of the few desperate people at the party trying their luck to meet somebody.
I never classified myself as one of them but I was eagerly waiting for her to show up.
many people came, even my friends who were not willing to come to the party danced like mad dogs. but I couldn't see her. I lost all hope and tried to enjoy the party like everybody else.
more days passed away, so does her thoughts from my mind.

And then came the lucky day .......well I generally avoided the canteen food .....But that one day I came to the canteen with my friends, 3 to be precise. we ordered 3 plates of sambhar dosa and I recalled the reason of my reluctance to eat the canteen food .this day was not getting any better until I saw her.She was also eating the same dish with her 2 friends. but they had only one plate ..maybe sharing is more prominent behavior found in girls or they were just testing the food .anyways not giving much importance to sambhar dosa, I locked my eyes on her, this time I literally checked out her . she wore blue jeans and a red top with light kajal in her eyes . her bellies were of a color i didn't know .her earings were different from the last time I saw her.
my friends noticed me staring her and one of them asked quite frankly "do you like that girl, we ate your dosa bro and you didn't even react ?"
Vikram words back then make me reconsider my choice of a friend when he said"Bro , she is way of your league , I mean look at her and look at you " I  saw Vikram looking at me with pity.
"I am blessed to have a friend like you Vikram "I said in the most sarcastic way I could. they giggled but I pondered my situation...
does a boy really need to make an impression on girl on basis of physical appearance ....sadly  the answer is mostly yes ..maybe Vikram was right ....maybe it isn't  even worth talking to her .maybe Vikram was just being too critical of me .... I was confused but I knew one thing , I was relieved every time i see her My mind doesn't think of anything else when I see her...
Hence I followed my gut feeling which gave me the permission to stalk her.
I rushed to the canteen every day same time. sometimes I went out as a cheerful panda who got a wonderful nap and sometimes as a disappointed lion void of any food. I didn't care whom I was bringing to the canteen along with me ... I just needed company so that my actions could be conceived. I literally had a taste of the whole menu in the canteen which was secretly preparing me for a special episode of man vs wild in the near future. I even observed that she ate only a few things from the canteen most frequently being ice cream .....chocolate being prominent.
I noted a pattern in her visits to the canteen so that my reckless visits could be reduced to that mess.
It was Tuesday .
I brought in Vikram today with me, maybe I needed some negative motivation. 


I saw Vikram keen in checking out her table.He pointed out to me something I already noticed. I Saw Sahil sitting with the group. it was the first time I saw a person of the opposite sex having lunch with them.
Sahil was well known for his drumming skills in the college. he was an active member of our school band and performed in almost every event.I was feeling insecure which was completely unjustified on my part.
I still couldn't figure why I was upset that day .....
I had nothing for lunch but I had to relax for tomorrow. 
tomorrow was an important day for me, I was representing my college for the 18th edition of sarvapali quiz hosted for the first time in our college .maximum of 2 people are selected from the entire college for this technical quiz and I was one of them. I Tried to sleep but maybe mind refused to settle down.
I was pondering over many irrational things including Alisha who became like my night prayer for 3 months.
sleep is actually a bitch, the more you try to think about her, the more it goes away from you. 
and I couldn't handle bitches as of then. 
I  woke up late than usual, my eyes fresh but mind tired. 
I sat on a cold chair in front of 500 eyes all of which concentrated on the stage. I was not alone on stage .7 other equidistant chairs were arranged and were occupied by 6 people. I took a look at their ids which didn't resemble our college. 
one participant from our college didn't come and the entire proceedings were kept at a halt.
suddenly I saw a lady figure under low light coming from backstage. I was astonished to see that it was her .. she came near my chair and just when I was about to cultivate the concept of beauty with brains I saw a big card around her neck stating quite clearly " volunteer".(lol)
"is your buzzer working properly, " she asked without even looking at me ..... I couldn't help but notice her cheek bones and lips so close to me that I panicked. 
"red " . it was only after she looked at me with surprise that I realized my mistake.
I mean dead, the buzzer is not working.I declared with confidence.
I became the envy of the buzzer she pressed and fiddled with. it took her not long to understand that the buzzers not working is out of her understanding.
she ordered a new one and said "sorry for the inconvenience, can you please check this one "
I could have killed the person sitting next to me if she asked me to do so with that tone.
but checking the buzzer then was just as fine (lol). It worked properly and she went across to the next table.The buzzer was surely to blame today.
heavy steps rippled the floor and came in the last participant. sorry Alisha , I was at the restroom .the buzzer is working fine anyway ." she bashed. 
a flashback of pokemon series came to the back of my mind as soon as I saw her . giving her description would certainly go against feminism and offend my lady readers.
"its okay dear, no problem we have few spare minutes "Alisha spoke with the same tone as that while talking to me and gained respect in my heart. 
the technical parameters were taken care of and the quizmaster arrived just in time .rules were laid down. I was familiar with most of them as it wasn't my first time.
 I have been doing quizzes for quite a time and already won all the similar ones in school. it was just a big platform with more eyes on me.
 I Played strategically as the quiz comprised of 4 long rounds. by the end of the quiz, I was escalated to watch at the big screen that I have won by a margin of 24 points.
clapping hands cheered the auditorium...
hubris surrounded the air near me. Alisha was the first one to congratulate me and I experienced cloud 99 for the first time.
You were amazing, I have never seen someone so quick to questions.
"I AM USED TO THEM," I REMARKED.
can I have your number, I need it for some formality.
my heart raced but I pretended to be cool and enunciated each digit with utmost care.
Well, this number is open for any unofficial work too .'
she smiled at me and someone from behind called her ....."I will keep in mind, nice meeting you." 
I replied "likewise" and our first short conversation ended, much better than my capabilities I suppose.


this was quite irregular, I gave my number to a girl.
by the end of the day I got to know her name - Alisha it was . and just like fucked up tards I matched our initials but it didn't come out to be anything great... AC...or CA..... not worth a try {lol}.
well, facebook was actually created by mark Zuckerberg out of hatred for her ex-girlfriend.....but somehow it worked out for millions of people in getting one especially for thousands of U.P. laundas...
including me ..... I searched her name trying to get hold of that face. but could only see her in mutual friends list of Vikram and one more friend ......for a moment I was like "sahi khel gya bc" .my anger for him swiftly drifted away as  I Was too busy checking out her profile.I had to scroll many times down till a ton of photos flashing parties, night outs, almost all restaurants in cp, girls, boys of every possible age group ended.WHAT A COLOURFUL LIFE I THOUGHT .she made an average of 100 posts per year starting from class 10th class and it took me literally 2 hours to reach her birth date down the page.
feb 14 it said. bhai rehendo ......mission impossible stirred my mind ......so basically she was born on the day when it is not polite for a girl to say no for a date. that's something.I saw the number of friends on FB ......forget about my whole family FB friends combined, it was a much bigger number than my rank in the college.
 I felt a feeling of pride sending her a friend request at the same time I was just another person trying to make her a mark in her already perfect-seeming life.
but I never thought that time that I would the most important part of her life ........
I felt an urge to check my own profile in case she wanted to see .....I was able to see my birth date just by one flick down the mouse. it was actually sad of my meticulous life which consisted of posts of only joining school,  competitions, joining the college with only comments of congratulations.
I could see through my glasses in my dp.    
I felt a profound need of DSLR that very moment or a new face and body (lol).
my lack of confidence around girls is a direct relation of my limited female interaction in my early days.
and I found the people very different in , unlike U.P where the most respectable person in the class was the one who sat next to a girl in the class.
blame the sex ratio or mentality of people, I was also brought up in the same environment where its easy money to sell a girl's mobile number.but I refused to adhere to such mindset all credit and thanks to my mother who always taught me the sanctity of ladies in the world.
my father left us when I was 12 years old.
The reason for which I would not like to disclose now.




The worst thing about exams is that they will come back again . the 2nd terminal exams were around the corner and it was not at all soon to start preparations for the same. I live in a paid apartment close to the college .the only reason I didn't chose hostel was due to the fact that I wanted to live all by myself. I Wanted privacy and no roommates who according to my mother were a great source of distraction...
I liked this arrangement as well ...
just when i was busy solving differential equations my phone beeped .....I knew it was a message which read.
" hi Chetan , this is Alisha from the quiz ......actually I wanted to inform you about a quizzing event ....sorry for texting late ....r u free "?
the message felt like an accomplishment and replied exactly after 10 mins in case I sounded desperate.
"yeah sure, wait let me text you on WhatsApp "
I got a reply almost instantly - a smiley.
my face lit up from the smiley and I wasted no time in adding her in my contact list ./. I saw her dp on whatsapp which was inspired from snapchat .smurfed with an the acroynm filter , she was looking amazing in a red dress . 
I never thought I Would be able to pull a 1 hour chat  starting from quiz details and ending with her pet dog snoopy. i felt as if i knew her enough...she was polite to answer my quetions and with same courtesy ask from me too .it was 12 am when i realised for the first time that this was way much better than solving 2 variable differential equations .
i was in a happy mood and read the messages twice recallling every word of her ....she used emoticons frequently .
i slept peacefully and woke with a new hope in life . time flew rather quickly with only 2 days to exams . 
i reserved the time slot of 11-12 for her ....... i used to message her daily without any particular topic in mind but never felt like 
 
