at one point I want this semester to get over soon so that I can meet you but somewhere i don't want this to end because my future is dependent on this time and I want to make the most of it.
I have so much more to learn and i can't afford to waste any more time on activities are that no way get me closer to my dreams.
when I was young when someone asked me what do you want to become in the future. I never said I want to become an engineer but neither did at any point in my life detested that idea.
but I always used to answer that I want to become a social worker as if that was a real profession or something.
but as I grew up mainly during my college life many things have changed.

I have never felt the need to earn money, shit loads of money as I do now in my life.
it's not like I have been influenced by someone or any close parents even my parents never made me feel this way, but maybe it's the time that has changed everything.
I have changed with time .everyone changes with time but I always used to say to people you will see I won't.
but i guess or rather i am sure i was wrong back then.
there is no big thing than time .time is the only thing in life that is never gonna stop .
it will certainly change you in many ways you won't even realize until you sit one day and introspect in the night as I am doing right now.
I am just writing all this stuff down because I want to read this text after several years or months and say yeah I was right about .
i am a changed person now from the time I actually wrote this text.
money is not everything says every man or woman who has it.
when asked from a beggar or a person who doesn't have it .it is the most important thing in his or her life cause this life depends on it .his survival depends on it.
college life surely shapes you as a person.
it made me realize I am also selfish, I also hate competition and many times made me doubt on my intellect, my power, my confidence .
but that's the real world isn't it .and the earlier you realize it the better are the chances for you to improve yourself.
several perceptions about life have changed since joining college and I state it again it has nothing to do anybody's influence or control .its just what feels right at the moment.
I remember in the first few weeks of my college I was talking with my senior and buddy lakshay on the phone and when we touched the topic of alcohol .
we were both in favor of not trying it or consuming it.
we both felt we will become cool or something great after having it.
but as you see time passed my perception about it changed completely even though I wasn't surrounded by people who drank it in routine.

I felt that's its okay to drink alcohol unless it's not hurting you in any way or affecting your life in a bad way.
I felt it is a great source of a social animal that makes you have more fun at the moment.
when I first tasted beer with my school friends I literally hated the taste but I never felt as if I have done something wrong, something I am gonna regret.
I felt completely fine and thought of it as an experience .
then I have tried other things as well at some point in time till now and felt the same.
I don't feel weird or as if I have broken a promise I made to myself once. 
I guess I am like this and time was just testing my endurance or resistance to this thing.
but the best thing about myself is that I know my limits and that always help me in deciding things in life.
hence I would not do anything or try my level best not to do anything that would cause pain to my parents my family.
I hide somethings from my parents too just because I don't want to break their trust. I always want to see the same love in their eyes as they do now.
 
it's not like I have harmed somebody or done something bad that's gonna question my character but I know it will be very difficult for my parents to understand those things.
it's not like it's their fault but it all comes down to time again.
they will see things differently react to situations differently from what I will do.
but that's the truth guys .life is hard right .never has been easy .
we are given the capability to feel pain, see beautiful things in life not because we are special but because we have a soul that's gonna always stay intact with our body till death or maybe even afterward who knows.
life is a very difficult thing to understand but I hope I get better at it.

I sincerely don't know what I will do in my life but I have only aim in life that people remember me even after I am not a part of their life and mine too.
but for the time being my focus is to earn money so that I can fulfill my materialistic wishes in life.
cause money never makes you sad right .
you won't feel bad or cry to earn more money even if you have a considerable amount right.
aah, this conversation started with making a decision and got too far even far too control me from typing still not a conclusion.
but that's what life is all about .everything is a new day .
everyday you become wiser than the previous one.
I don't know what to choose but I will give priority to my future of course.
that's gonna make me happier than having a girl by my side.
but I will be the happiest person in life if I can achieve both the things in life.

adios
 
Chetan sobti